docs(sql): enforce usage of typeorm 0.2, not the latest (#2250)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/sql.md

To begin using it, we first install the required dependencies. In this chapter, we'll demonstrate using the popular [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) Relational DBMS, but TypeORM provides support for many relational databases, such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, SQLite, and even NoSQL databases like MongoDB. The procedure we walk through in this chapter will be the same for any database supported by TypeORM. You'll simply need to install the associated client API libraries for your selected database.

```bash
$ npm install --save @nestjs/typeorm typeorm@0.2 mysql2

> #                                             \/
> #                                              +--> Do note that this is not the last version of TypeORM.
> #                                                   The latest one has breaking changes and drepecated
> #                                                   methods that are used in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning  **Warning**  Do note that this is not the last version of TypeORM. The latest one has breaking changes and drepecated  methods that are used in this page.
```

> #                                             \/
> #                                              +--> Do note that this is not the last version of TypeORM.
> #                                                   The latest one has breaking changes and drepecated
> #                                                   methods that are used in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning  **Warning**  Note the `typeorm@0.2` version is not the latest TypeORM version. The latter has substantial modifications and duplicate methods which are used on this page.
```

Reviewer: what do you think if we add a warning?

Author: yeah, would be better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning  **Warning**  Note the `typeorm@0.2` version is not the latest TypeORM version. The latter has substantial modifications and duplicate methods which are used on this page.
```
